hi this is Sam MTV and we have a box it
came in the mail
and I don't know what's inside it see
what's inside a blind box this is cool
hi max and when I open ours also warm I
need open it never it out open it I
wanted its little Elsa she has a braid
in the back when she's little and she
has a dress it's very pretty and it's
pretty blue and he has a snowball in her
hands and blue eyes and I saw it she has
white circle eyes and she has a headband
on her head and I think that's all I
love my new Elsa dream we call little
on/off mummy
little Elsa little on off
I left my Anna Anna it's pretty hard to
pull it off Shambu dice like me little
dress red here under with my honor toy
there mine was Elsa thanks for watching
Sam Ramses II do
laughs sure